I bonus yen point is you and I have said
in the past that I'm gonna try to size
your channel your says mine we don't
want to be like at you for a good big
club oh we never want but you're in the
situation we never want that we don't
ever want the skills chain was over
sing-off reach it is and you are clear
with me use dead especially he took out
a new direction with drop you like look
man I'm gonna say some offensive shooter
channel and you would have laughed about
I was totally cool that I said fine but
cheetah in this scenario you are the one
cluster cool when I meaning very
reasonable criticism of your channel huh
buh new CL if so what lies have I been
broadcasting not you don't you have that
video which is my advisors dirty little
secret I can get I don't know if you
talk to a catfish or if you made this
stuff up your delts but you said stuff
about my sex life and for me don't your
sex life yeah you did you said I was
involved with two different men and I'm
their 40 ugly on the songfest etc what
was it exactly your sex life it's two
women online that's not exactly your sex
life but I see what yours am your post
questions so now do you know the two
women whether they were real people
whether they were fake accounts or
whatever so today that you know that it
[ __ ] or not well are they fake accounts
cuz there tells look pretty real to me
your proj enjoy because like to get you
that story because you were my friend
because I did you called me up and
talking after your mom died we've talked
about all kinds of persia together I
sure I so good dads that still does you
know what I mean you want to sit there
and say oh yeah you're my friend but
then you get on camera and you say
you've harmed vegan mojo you should
apologize a vegan mojo you're just as
bad as during riders like come on man
like oh I can stay here take that [ __ ]
dude anyone can watch video so I don't
know if your own memories wish that
video the video says you're not to see
mystery writer because yo you are not at
acting you said your exact words were
the only difference between what you're
doing and during rider
is that you're not acting on a malice
and then you went to retract that
statement and an email I mean I got the
email i could pull it up where you say I
was wrong I think vegan chia is acting
out of malice I'm really not acting out
a mal it's like to believe you can
believe it or not but that's the
furthest thing from the truth it really
is butter game these days man well I
mean you can say that to your blue in
the face but I'm saying that's not true
at all like I will deny that statement
which channel used to be
and yet i'm still people to you when
you've done the [ __ ] that [ __ ] up my
legal situation with my wife when they
were talking to me before or after you
to be honest with you I zylle dead I
don't resent publicly I was not trying
to denser you I was not you guys try to
get that revealed delisted so why would
you put pressure on me to retract any
stories that I did about mojo if you
weren't trying to silence me why would
you have your dick rider Jason busy no I
Joe vegan and Joe best [ __ ] come out
with the statements they came out with I
mean come on man like you look maybe you
didn't intend to do it but they all
hopped on your dick and hopped on that
anti vegan cheetah train after you made
your video that's the truth of it dude
you you are tripping because all the
people you can say I'm tripping but you
know again let's let's go back to my
question do you use the triplet sons
react us you are trip because all of
those people are fans of your channel
like your course their fans in my chin
where the best [ __ ] channel out there
right now what's not to be a fan of you
guys just get butt hurt when you happen
to find yourself featuring one in one of
the stories cheetah cheetah do you
actually not realize that you are the
one who is butthurt hear a word I would
normally interviews I'm actually no i'm
not i'm really not though like I don't
take anything this person any what it is
what it is dude any of my lessons this
and what you just said we were so angry
that I dare to disagree with you about
the vegan mojo scam why would I not dare
to disagree with you man what I'm angry
about is that you would sit there the
only thing I'm angry about is that you
would sit there and go and say oh I'm
you know you're my friend you should
have talked to me first about this or
you pay to me in a bad light yet if we
go back to the vegan mojo dick pic
scandal the way you painted me was so
bad I mean you literally said you
literally compared me to somebody like
durianrider in front of your 10,000
subscribers like that's the only
I'm angry about is that you would
actually sit there and say oh yeah i'm a
friend of cheetah like that's cool like
you don't I mean that's the only thing
that I would be angry about or but heard
about or tripping over it i canna public
trust you I can say I'm sorry I hurt
your feelings real talk I'm not asking
I'm not asking you look I'm not asking
you to do that it's not my feelings it's
my brand see this is where I think where
I don't think we're arguing on the same
thing here you think it's about my
feelings it's actually about my brand
and it's about my channel has nothing to
do with my feelings you're in a big way
back because what you said about me
about divorce or go me being a
misogynist and me involved with to cheer
consultation what do you think that does
diaper and you jet come on do what you
have no sir ernest of the game you're
playing here the consequence for
medieval that's still that's a Hustler's
I'm customer for like why why would I be
mad at you isiliye you've done has had
negative impacts for my life well Mike
Ryan what do you want me to do what do
you want me to do I want to say I'm
suffering I'd say I'm thriving right now
but i wouldn't say i'm suffering but
dealing with your complaint you compete
that when I made a criticism of what you
had to say about mojo your company is it
damages your breath so what's your to
make complaints okay if anyone else can
use with Hania wrote just now saying I'm
damn gerbrandt I talked to her about it
I think about trying cuz I'm you're
trying to figure out what to do about
you are telling me now abandoned your
brand but the difference is only Kenya
Kenya hasn't called me a misogynist he
isn't calling a little of pedophile or
dates to the slanderous statements and
same old Joey any entities Sophie a very
different conversation but dude if
anyone talks to me doesn't matter if
someone who's not famous at all on
YouTube someone who on my channel and
said look you know damage report I've
impacted my possibly i would totally
have a crazy and even though even if you
were not my friend but you have been
and fast I'm totally willing to have the
conversation and I totally you can I
talkin ain't any points about it which
you never did if you were to use your
word about my critique of you on emotion
clear target and you chose not yes
the point is you and I have said in the
past that I'm doing criticize your
channel your says mine we don't want to
be like at you're a good big club oh we
never want but you're in the situation
we never want that we don't have one of
the skills chain was over sing over each
it is and you are clear with me use bed
especially he took of a new direction
with drama you like look man i'm going
to say some offensive shooter channel
and you would last about i was totally
cool that's it fine but she in this
scenario you are the one cluster cool
when I'm eating very reasonable
criticism of your channel do you really
think I've lost my cool though like you
really feel like I've lost my cool over
this yes yes madam
if we're friends then I expect you to
retract your statements tomorrow and I
expect you to get on camera and suck my
[ __ ] cheetah 10 minutes ago just saying
that you're never going to retract
anything do you forget that you just
said that to me that you were never
going to her track [ __ ] Don even if my
life is named not even if my divorce
cases damage not even my situation with
my work though my lawyer and my wife's
lawyer is damaged you just said you will
never reach rising and our template er
you're asked me to refresh something
that is just my opinion I mean we can
talk about it but I'm not renegotiating
anything until you get on camera and I
do I email what you said the scandal
[ __ ] of what we need what what do women
it has affected my life negatively
impact my lationship with the only woman
I was involved with negatively well I
mean that's the game you're playin izel
that's not that's a game your pain [ __ ]
like a cheetah it is not the game on my
game you are playing ok and I because
you were my friend and become you go to
school and study journalism because of
conversations that were deep too fast
and you say you want to be like TMZ I
assume when you went off worried that
you had good reason skull publicly that
you had them sources that's why I
assumed your source was the one and only
I've had any involvement with I was like
oh kid this one woman have been involved
but sold me on kita try to get some
drama that was nice because I trust you
more than I trusted her and now I come
to find built I was a hard percent wrong
she's been on my side the whole time and
or the one [ __ ] me over and for a
while I think only for a few days she
believed it too she's you know she's
okay I guess I who's got a bunch of
other girls going what did I don't and
you know me and you keep playing this
game like as if you have different
source find something on the internet
that at zero credibility you use zero
fact-checking and then you particularly
you permit Jason Pezzini you were talk
to the guy would you just as doing is
she sympathy dohama smoke I have no idea
one can only speculate he is awesome
rincon the speculation is there he might
be a closeted gay guy am
this is what it is I've never said Jason
Vezina one hundred percent is getting
[ __ ] in the ass every night like I
never said that but here's the thing
ISIL I think what I do think there's you
know at least some misunderstanding here
is like you think it's me playing this
game but like actually you're playing
this game and everybody else is playing
the game a lot of people like to say all
this is all your fault via cheetah like
this is all your fault like you're
ruining people's lives you're hurting
people's right but the way I think about
it is I'm actually just a mirror of what
you all are doing and if you all are
messy you're going to see it in the
mirror that's what my channel is it's a
mirror of the vegan network on youtube
I'm not I'm not gonna talk to general
ecstatic about specific you but ask me
for track and thing to my channel you
just asked me 10 minutes after saying
you're never retract visa okay so how is
that gonna work cheetah do you yeah I
don't know how they're gonna work izel
mazhar how do you want me to either
inspection for a total matter opinion
woman if [ __ ] sins and you know well I
reconsider I think she was doing the
right thing went into the [ __ ] soars
like the blue ran and treated as if it
was credible when he took a totally
normal example if you made and pretended
it wasn't a power for you to which isn't
and whatever so this guy for defects a
fish you're not the [ __ ] Catholic
teachers we you're just not just this is
not something that shocking you
personally we've filled with your sex
life is you talk about it openly
refugees we all know you have set women
dick there you've done that stuff its
editor which I was changing for but your
shame you can't sin before that word is
it somebody out there but I don't think
it's gonna be ashamed of good point is
you want to get perfect and you your
position is on me you'll never retract
the fact that you called me a misogynist
your trek back you had a [ __ ] story
let me get it with a bunch of chicks I'm
not getting which I would be open about
anyone knows me whether it's through
patreon it's my job I would talk about
what's going on in my private life there
was anything remotely worth sharing oh
ok no see you
your position is you are not going to
attract [ __ ] not even when you know one
is factually wrong two thousand real
negative impacts is in with life and
three when you actually know the person
will enough happens a credible source
your position is you are not going to
attract [ __ ] not even when you know one
is factually wrong to us having real
negative impacts in with life and three
when you actually know the person will
announce at miss a credible source a
bonus yen